There are five types of schools in the US educational system. They are: 
kindergarten, elementary school, middle school, high school and private school. 
Children go to kindergarten when they are 5 years old.
They go to elementary school from ages 6 through 11 (1-5 grades), middle school 
from ages 12 through 14 (6-8 grades) 
and high school from ages 15 through 19 (9-12 grades).

About 90 percent of all children attend public school, which is free. The other 10 percent 
go I private schools, which often include religious education. They are similar to the public 
schools but parents must pay for their children to go to these schools. 
About half of all private schools are run by Catholics.

In the United States, education is mainly the responsibility of state and local 
governments, not the national government. The amount of money spent on education differs 
from state to state. 
The subjects studied also differ a little. The school year usually runs from September to June. 
At the high school level, there are some specialized schools. 
They include schools that emphasize vocational subjects like business or auto mechanics. 
Most high schools are general schools. High school students are often involved in 
the non-academic activities that their school offers -for example, in drama 
clubs, sports teams, or the school newspaper.

Since 1066 there have been forty monarchs in England, thirty-five kings, five queens 
and seven dynasties. Only fourteen monarchs have stayed on the throne for more than 
twenty-five years, one of them is Queen Elizabeth II.

Every royal house or 'dynasty' has a surname. 
In Britain's case that name is Windsor Queen Elizabeth II is the fourth Windsor monarch. 
She is also the head of a very large family. She has three sons, one daughter, 
and many grandsons and granddaughters.

The most famous British royal home is Buckingham Palace. But it is not the only one. 
The Queen and her family have several other castles, official residences and 
country houses too. Today Buckingham Palace is the best known palace in the world. 
It stands at the end of a long boulevard called The Mall and it has 600 rooms on 
three floors, 400 staff, and 300 clocks.

After Queen Elizabeth II, Britain's next monarch will probably be Prince 
Charles, the Prince of Wales. He will be King Charles III. Even further in 
the future his son, Prince William, will become king too. His title will be King William V. 
The National Anthem is called 'God save the Queen'. But if Prince Charles becomes King, 
it will be 'God save the King'.